This series looks at life in
one of Britain's busiest airports.
On today's show - Peter and
Judith demand their money back.
What would Jesus do
in this situation?
Jesus?
Jesus would give us a full refund.
Melody explains why
she should be promoted.
If you work at check-in you really
do need to be a people person.
I am very good with people
because I am myself a person.
And there's some last-minute
holiday advice from Taaj.
If you haven't got Sky Plus in your
hotel, you don't want to go at all.
If you have, just stay at home and
watch Sky Plus. It's better, innit?
It's 8am, and over at the FlyLo desks
it's check-in manager Helen's last day.
But competition for her position
has caused tension between
best friends Melody and Keeley.
Next, please.
And Melody has chosen
the worst possible day to be late.
Melody, you were
two hours late this morning.
Yeah, I'm sorry,
Helen, I just...
It's not going to count against her
for promotion, is it? I really hope not.
No, I don't think it will.
Melody, I really, really hope it
doesn't count against you for promotion.
Thanks.
Meanwhile, in departures,
these FlyLo passengers
are also having a bad day.
They can't find the right gate
for their flight to Greece.
Fortunately,
Taaj is on hand to help.
- Excuse me, mate?
- Yes, boss?
Which gate's the
flight to Athens?
Can I see your
boarding pass, please?
Yeah, it's already taken off, mate.
What do you mean? It's not supposed
to leave for another hour.
Yeah, but it left early.
What's the point of it leaving early?
Well you see the thing is,
FlyLo have had a lot of
complaints recently because some
of their flights has been delayed,
so we're trying to get some
other ones away early
in order to redress
the balance, isn't it?
Was anyone on the flight?
Yeah, the pilot, the co-pilot
and one of the stewards.
Anyone else?
No, I think that was it.
You can't please some people.
First they is moaning that
the flights is late,
now they is moaning that
the flights is early. You can't win.
It's 10am, and in international
arrivals the airport paparazzi
are reflecting on what may turn out
to be a career-ending incident.
I'll tell you what happened.
He's not allowed to take
photos here no more.
He's been a naughty boy, ain't ya?
It was an accident.
He done the old up-the-skirt shot
on Dame Judi Dench.
What happened was was,
Dame Judi come through,
I tripped, fell to the floor,
camera went off in me hand.
And it was an accident, was it?
I swear on my mother's life.
God rest her soul.
Next thing I know, front page of
the Daily Star...Dame Judi's drawers.
Dame Judi done a complaint and
that's that, licence took off me.
He'll never work again.
A few minutes later,
Mickey is back at work when Buster
spots an incoming celebrity.
Look, it's that woman
from Big Brother.
Hello, Professor Greer,
lovely to see you again.
Nice holiday?
- It was a lecture tour actually,
- Oh, all sounds very intellectual.
Mind if I take a quick snap?
Won't take a mo.
Get a sexy one.
Yeah, all right.
Get her to look over
her shoulder, like this.
Shut up!
- Get her to show a bit of leg.
- Buster!
Do you always
talk to women like that?
What are you, one of these feminists?
Well, as a matter of fact I am,
and you are a revolting man.
Well, you're not going to sell
THOSE to Nuts Magazine.
- You've ruined that!
- I was trying to help.
You're not helping at all.
You're in the way!
- What am I meant to do?
- I don't care!
You're not allowed to take pictures
any more, are ya? Just...get lost!
Amateur!
Pervert!
Our Lady Air runs a Steward
of the Year competition.
And Fearghal is going
all out to win it.
It's all part of the
service there, sir,
and I can really style it
for you if you like.
There's a way that Justin Bieber
does it that he really likes.
If you want to be number one,
you've got to realise
that there's more to this job
than just handing out hot towels.
You've got to be a nurse, you've
got to be a children's entertainer,
you've got to be a...travel guide,
you've got to be a counsellor,
you've got to be a midwife,
you've got to be an interpreter,
you've got to be a
hedge fund manager,
you've got to be a pig breeder,
you've got to be a toilet cleaner,
you've got to be a holy man,
but most of all...
you've got to be a friend.
Oh, and you're also expected to
give hand relief to the pilot.
I've got a crying child,
row 37. Crying child.
I always try and do my best
for passengers anyway,
but if you wanna win
Steward of the Year
it does really help if you've
done something brave or heroic.
Like last year's winner,
Seamus O'Shaughnessy,
he delivered a baby on board.
So, fingers crossed,
one of my passengers will have
a heart attack or something.
Hot nuts? Hot nuts? Hot nuts?
No, thank you. I'm allergic.
- Really?
- Yes, I can't go anywhere near them.
And, er, what would happen
if you were to have a nut?
Well, my throat would swell up
and I'd be unable to breathe.
In fact, I have to carry one of these
EpiPens so people can inject me.
Really?
Hmm...
Can you move out the way
please, madam? OK, sir.
Moments later, a passenger has been
taken seriously ill on Fearghal's flight
and the plane has been forced
to make an emergency landing.
OK, what's your name, sir?
Your name? Just call...
We'll just call him Mr Nuts.
He's called Mr Nuts, OK?
'Something very dramatic
just happened.'
One of the passengers on board
has a severe allergy to nuts
and he fell asleep
and somehow a handful of
hot nuts fell into his mouth.
Fortunately I was on hand to
administer a life-saving injection.
He's gonna be OK.
He's gonna be OK!
Did you get that?
Some passengers are
calling me a hero.
Not the man himself, he's still
drifting in and out of consciousness,
but I just did what any
good steward would do. OK?
You know, I don't need an
award for saving a man's life.
Just doing a good deed
is an award in itself.
Having said that, obviously,
if they did offer me an award,
I would turn up and accept it.
Back at FlyLo, Helen is
saying her final farewells.
Well...this is it, then.
I've, erm, really enjoyed
working with you girls.
So I've just come to say goodbye.
Bye.
I'll text you
when I've had the baby.
If you want.
And I'll e-mail you pictures
of the baby if you like.
Yes...don't worry.
See you, then.
Have a good baby.
Helen! I hope you manage
to lose all the baby weight!
She won't.
Over 80 million pieces of luggage
pass through the airport every year.
It's the job of Customs Officer
Steve Downes and his dog Bobo
to ensure none of
them contain drugs.
Come on, it's just a camera.
My training method's very simple.
I teach the dog to sniff out
illegal substances
and I give him
a little bit as a reward.
All right? There you go. Good lad.
Good lad. That was just a
little slither of crack there.
Do you want some more? Course you do.
I started working with dogs in the
armed forces, in the Bomb Disposal Unit.
I served in Afghanistan.
My job was to train
the dogs to sniff out bombs.
Same principle: the dog
would find the bomb,
I would give the dog the bomb
to play with as a reward.
I'm glad I got out when I did,
though. I...saw some terrible things.
I saw Jim Davidson live,
I saw James Blunt do an acoustic set
at the base in Helmand Province,
in which he sang Beautiful twice,
and...I think perhaps worst of all...
I saw Ross Kemp take a shower.
Still have nightmares about that.
I've had a number of
canine companions over the years.
This is my first one, Princess.
Excellent sniffer dog.
But she ended up sniffing cocaine and
couldn't stop. She's now in rehab.
This is Pickles. Pickles
developed a taste for cannabis.
Always had the munchies.
The weight ballooned.
Now she has to be carted around
in a wheelbarrow. Very sad.
This is Molly. Top sniffer dog,
but...heroin.
First she started smoking it,
then injecting it.
Last I heard she was
selling her body to get drugs.
Muffin. LSD,
thought she could fly. Splat.
We have a joke amongst
some of the lads here.
"My dog's got no nose."
"How does he smell?"
"Well, unfortunately, he can't smell,
"because he's sniffed so
many drugs over the years
"that he's pretty much obliterated
the entire olfactory system.
"His septum has
practically dissolved.
"We're going to have to early
retirement, see if a farm will take him,
"and, if they won't, we'll just
probably have him put down."
It's 11:30, and at the
France Airways check-in
two passengers are
becoming very angry.
Obviously we are not going to
wield the swords on the plane!
- We are from the BMBRS!
- The what?
The British Medieval
Battle Re-enactment Society.
You are not allowed to take
dangerous weapons onto the plane.
Yes, but we need to get
the swords to Paris
because we are re-enacting the
battle of Agincourt on Wednesday.
- These items are forbidden.
- This is racism, isn't it?
- Excuse me?
- We beat you at Agincourt.
Approximately 9,000 of our men defeated
approximately 36,000 of yours.
I don't understand.
Battle of Agincourt?
1415?, Henry Five?
I imagine they didn't teach
you about that at your "Ecole".
One of the many glorious
English victories over the French.
Cry God for Harry,
England and St George.
I'm sorry?
I told you France Airways was a
mistake, Peasant Swordsman Gavin.
You DID want me to
use my Nectar points.
Listen, wench, will you let us
on board with the swords or not?
Non!
What if we do that thing where we
wrap them in lots and lots and lots
and lots and lots and lots and lots
and lots and lots of cling film?
Non.
What are we meant to do,
leave them here?
Perhaps you have
a wife or girlfriend
who could come and
pick them up for you?
Look at us, we obviously
do not have wives or girlfriends.
There are other people here. Would
you like me to check you in or not?
We cannot accurately recreate
the battle of Agincourt
without authentic weaponry!!
I'm sorry.
I cannot help you.
Fine. Have it your way.
But next time the Germans invade your
country and you immediately surrender
don't expect us to help you out.
Good day.
'The whole thing is absurd,
it's patently absurd.
'I mean, a sword is only a dangerous
weapon in the wrong hands.'
Un moment, s'il vous plait.
Just forgot our swords.
'I've been re-enacting for 14 years.'
I've taken part in
hundreds of battles,
and in that time I've only
accidentally killed two people.
What about Trevor?
Well...he died three weeks
later in hospital.
I don't feel I can be
held accountable for that.
Meanwhile, in baggage handling,
John and Terry are
enjoying a well-earned rest.
I've been working here so long I've
developed a sort of sixth sense.
I have! I can just look
at a piece of luggage
and tell you exactly what
sort of person owns it.
- Can't I, boy?
- Not really, Dad.
Yeah. Like, watch this, right.
See this one? I reckon that bag
belongs to...a man.
Check the label.
- "Barry Edwards."
- See?
Or...this one, I would say, belongs
to a woman. Check the label.
- "Susan Williams."
- See, I'm good, ain't I?
- Yeah, amazing, Dad.
- Yeah, or this one here.
Very interesting. I would say that
belongs to someone who likes golf.
Yeah, a fan of the sport golf.
Someone who enjoys watching it
or playing it. Check the label.
- "Nick Faldo."
- See, it's a gift.
Yeah, are we done yet, Dad?
No, no, boy, I'm on a roll,
I'm on a roll. Here we go.
Yeah, now, this belongs to either
a little girl or a midget queer.
"Frances Banks."
We'll never know.
It's midday, and rumours about
who's going to get the promotion
are buzzing round
the FlyLo check-in desk.
We still don't know which one of us
is going to be check-in manager.
- I do.
- What?
I've been told.
What have you been told?
I've been told who's got it,
but I've been asked as a courtesy
to wait until it's officially announced
at 5 o'clock, and I can celebrate then.
Ian Foot has been Chief Immigration
Officer at the airport for ten years
and in that time he's seen
a lot of changes.
Unfortunately, in this day and age,
you have to be as careful
with the people that work in the
airport as those who are arriving,
so I do spot checks on the staff.
I select them at random,
bring them in,
go through their documentation,
ask them a few questions.
Well, when I say "at random",
it's only actually
the black and brown ones.
I don't bother with
the yellow people.
I find the yellow people
no trouble at all.
Very meek.
Right, can I see your passport?
This afternoon,
it's the turn of FlyLo Ground Crew
member Taaj to be interviewed.
This is a British passport.
You're obviously not British.
Yeah, I am.
Well, we'll see about that,
"Taaj Mansour". Ha.
Right, where were you born?
Bradford.
All right, where
were you parents born?
Oh, sorry. Sheffield.
All right, where were their
parents originally from?
Pakistan.
Pakistan! We're getting somewhere.
Right, so if there was a cricket
match between England and Pakistan,
who would you support?
- I don't like cricket.
- Well, which sports do you like?
- BMX.
- Anything else?
Cage-fighting, man!
I love cage-fighting, man.
Did you see it on Saturday on Sky?
There was this wicked fight, right,
because this one guy was being really
cheeky, he was giving it all of that.
But like the other guy came in
and mashed up his face, man!
It was like a plate of meat at
the end of it, man. It was crazy.
All right, so, if
there was a cage fight
between an Englishman
and a Pakistanian,
whose face would you
like to see mashed up?
But there isn't any cage fighters
from Pakistan, isn't it?
I think there's one from the Wirral.
Called something like Strange Reg.
OK, how many times a week,
on average, do you eat curry?
Oh, no, I don't like curry.
No, I prefer English food,
you get me, like pizza or Chinese.
What is your chosen faith?
I would have to say George Michael's
version probably still the best.
Final question. Do you have
a connection to Al-Qaeda?
Never met the guy.
Oh, no, that name does ring a bell.
Yes?
I think he's one of
my friends on Facebook.
- Is you on Facebook?
- Yes, I am on Facebook.
Tell me your name, man,
I'll come along and poke you.
I don't want to be poked
by people like you.
I'm British, I'm proud of it,
you get me?
That guy should not even
be in that job.
He has a racist agenda, which in this
day and age is totally unacceptable.
Still at least it got me off work
for half an hour, though, isn't it?
Oh, he called me a racist, did he?
Well, that in itself...
is anti-white, right?
As far as I'm concerned,
he poses a very real threat,
and as such I'm going
to mark his file Code Red
and add his name to a list of people
I feel threaten the
security of this country.
Also on the list are
Hardeep Singh Kohli...
Mark Ramprakash...
and Konnie Huq.
It's proving to be another long day for
FlyLo owner Omar Baba,
who's all over the
front pages again.
Serious allegations of sexual
harassment have hit the front pages,
with several FlyLo employees going
on record with their complaints.
Mr Baba did not physically touch me
but he did once make a verbal
comment that I had very nice breasts
and that he would like to
put his head between them
and go like this - "Errrrrrrr."
I felt that was inappropriate.
Mr Baba did not physically touch me
but he did once make a verbal
comment that I had very nice breasts
and that he would like
to put his head between them
and go like this - "Bwwwwwwww."
I felt this was inappropriate.
Mr Baba did not physically touch me
but he did once make a verbal comment
that I had very nice breasts
and that he would like to put his
head between them and go like this...
You get me?
Omar badly needs a
public display of support,
but will any of his staff
be prepared to come to his rescue?
Well, I...I cannot have sexually
harassed EVERYBODY who works for me.
Find me my ugliest staff member.
FlyLo check-in, Keeley speakin'.
With the question of who's
going to be the new
check-in manager all but settled,
Keeley is suddenly called into
FlyLo's Head Office for a meeting.
Keeley St Clair,
here to meet Omar Baba.
- OK, take a seat.
- Thank you.
Is it just possible that
this story has one final twist?
Back down at the
Customer Service Desk...
Quickly, Peter.
..FlyLo's package holidays are
still proving unsatisfactory.
I would like to speak
to the manager, please.
The manager's not here.
Well, then I would like to
speak to the assistant manager.
- He's on lunch.
Well then I'd like to speak to you.
Go ahead.
We have had, and it's not a
phrase I would often use,
the holiday from hell!
After last week's disaster, FlyLo
gave us two free tickets to Peru.
So far, so good.
We were flying over the Andes...
I'm talking, you're talking.
We can't both be talking.
Sorry, Judith.
Apology accepted
on this occasion, Peter.
Thank you, Judith.
So, we were on the plane
flying over the Andes.
Now, the first disappointment was
there was no fresh milk. It was UHT.
And the second disappointment
was that the engines failed
and the plane crashed
into a mountain.
All the passengers huddled toge...
All the passengers huddled together
on the ice.
It was immediately apparent
that we were all very hungry.
So I suggested that we eat Peter.
- Not ALL of me.
- No, not all of you,
that would be unkind.
So I found a penknife
and hacked off Peter's leg.
As you can see,
I now sport a prosthetic limb.
Yes, stop feeling sorry
for yourself, Peter.
Right. Sorry, Judith.
So, I popped Peter's
leg on the barbeque
and at the same time rustled up some
simple but always popular dishes.
Coleslaw, a potato salad
and couscous,
which I do with
roasted vegetables.
It's one of Nigella's.
Now, Peter's leg was almost done
when the rescue helicopter arrived.
We'd only been
on the mountain for half an hour.
Unfortunately...
Unfortunately,
they couldn't save Peter's leg.
It had been cooked right through
and also had been dipped in
a garlic and herb marinade.
If I had to sum up the holiday in
one word I would say "disappointing".
And the real shame for me was that
the potato salad remained untouched.
Moses, Great British Air's
executive passenger liaison officer,
is meeting a VIP jetting in from
Los Angeles, the actress Anna Friel.
I'm a big fan of Miss Friel,
she's so beautiful and talented.
I loved her on stage in
Breakfast At Tiffany's.
And she was wonderful
in that shampoo ad.
And the thing about Miss Friel is -
she flies with us all the time -
it doesn't matter where she's
come from or how long the flight,
she always looks a million dollars.
If you'll pardon the pun.
Oh, here she is! Hello, Miss Friel.
Lovely to see you again.
Hello.
- Let me take those for you.
- Thank you.
How was the flight, did you get
some rest?
Yes, thanks.
There's just one thing,
I did lose an item on board.
- Oh, yes?
- Yeah, my, er, wig.
Oh. I didn't know you wore a wig.
Yes, have done for years.
I'm as bald as a coot.
They've searched the plane?
It's not there?
No, they've looked everywhere.
They couldn't find it.
And you've looked in your bag,
it's not in there?
Nope.
I think you look very beautiful
without it, Miss Friel.
Thank you,but I really
would like to find it.
Yes, yes, of course. Well, obviously
this is quite a delicate matter
so what I'm going to do is
slip you into our first class lounge,
you'll have more privacy there.
Thanks.
Could we make room for Miss Anna
Friel, please?! She's lost her wig!
Stop staring at Anna Friel.
George is one of the airport's
longest-serving employees.
'I've been cleaning the toilets in
the airport for a number of years now.'
You get all sorts going on in here.
To be honest, when someone comes in
and actually does a poo,
it's a blessed relief.
'Cleaning toilets, it's not
my passion. No, my passion's opera.'
'I love it.
And people loves to hear it.'
'I say people loves to hear it...
I have had a lot of complaints.'
But then, you see,
opera's not for everyone.
It's 4:25, and Omar has called
a press conference at the airport,
so he can publicly refute the
allegations of sexual harassment.
Thank you all for coming here
and giving me chance
to deny these disgusting allegations
of sexual harassment against me.
And may I also say
how wonderful it is to see so many
beautiful ladies in the room.
Today, I will prove my innocence!
This lady here is
an employee of FlyLo.
- Hello.
- Please, do come.
Tell me, have I ever touched you
in an inappropriate way?
No, Omar, you have not.
And have I ever made lewd comment,
like... Give me paper.
.."What a beautiful
meaty bottom you have"?
Or, "May I tweak your left nipple?"
Or, "Please touch it,
I promise it won't take long"!
No, Omar, also you have not.
OK.
So I ask you this, what do you think
of these...allegations against me?
I think they are nonsense, Omar.
Proof!
And this from one of my most senior
employees. What is your job title?
Well, I was check-in assistant
but as of this afternoon
I am now check-in manager.
The check-in manager
herself has said it.
So, please, everybody,
take picture of happy boss
and happy staff member. OK?
It's half past five
and, over in the Great British Air
first class lounge,
Moses believes he may have found a
solution to Anna Friel's hairy situation.
How are you settling in,
Miss Friel, all right?
Yep.
Have you been offered a small
glass of fresh orange juice
and a complimentary
browse of the Daily Mail?
- Yes, I have.
- Now, about the wig.
- It's...good and bad news.
- Right.
The bad news is,
they can't find your wig.
- Really?
- They've looked everywhere.
A thousand apologies.
The good news is that lost
property do have a box of wigs
that have been left
here over the years.
No-one's claimed them and
you're welcome to have one.
Well, I suppose
it's worth having a look.
Okey-dokey. Lets have a rummage,
if you pardon the pun.
Right, what have we got here?
Oh, yes, how about this one?
I'm known more as
a brunette really.
You're absolutely right, Miss Friel.
What else have we got? Oh, yes.
How about this one?
You be the judge.
"If you'll pardon the pun."
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
There's no pun there.
Can I be frank, Miss Friel?
- Of course.
- It ages you.
Don't worry, we'll find something.
Several hours have passed since the
photographers had their argument,
but Buster is still at the airport.
I've got nowhere else to go.
I've spent nearly every day
for the past 25 years with him.
This is my life,
and my life is with Mickey.
Mickey too is struggling
to cope on his own.
Don't seem right somehow,
being here on my own.
I miss him, course I do.
Mickey's a part of me.
He's the blood that
runs through my veins.
I feel like I've lost a limb.
It was never me, it was always we.
He's my rock.
He's my coat in the winter.
He's the brown sauce on my sausage.
He's the sweetener in my tea.
He's a juicy ripe apple
on a summer's day.
He's my father, he's my son.
He's my brother,
he's my sister.
He's the reason
I get up in the morning.
He's simply...Buster.
If I had to sum him up in one word,
I'd say...
..Mickey.
Anyone sitting here?
No.
How's it going, then?
Fine.
Great. Never been better.
I miss ya.
I miss you too.
Well...what say we go
and take some photographs
of some celebrities
looking tired, then, eh?
Yeah!
Oh, no, you can't, can you,
because you're not allowed
to take photos any more, are you?
No. Mm.
But I can come and watch!
Yeah. Yeah.
It's 7pm, and Melody is digesting
the news of Keeley's
promotion to check-in manager.
Oh, it's a great feeling,
I'm dead made up.
I'm not surprised I got the job,
but I'm just glad they
gave it to me on merit.
Oh, so the fact that
you supported Omar
in his sexual harassment case
had nothing to do with it?
No. I think if anything
that counted against me.
How do you work that out?
All right, Melody, I think you need
to get back to your desk,
there's some passengers
need checkin' in.
Quickly!
She can be very lax.
Less of the attitude, please.
It's the end of another
hard day's work,
but everyone will be back tomorrow.
The battle re-enactors realised
the utter futility of what they were
doing, and immediately stopped.
Bobo had a rather
unproductive shift.
All he sniffed out was a Jaffa Cake
and a copy of Jilly Cooper's Polo.
And Moses saved the day
for Anna Friel.
Miss Friel,
you've never looked lovelier.
- All right, bye-bye.
- Bye-bye.
Thank you.
Every inch a star.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd - 2007
E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk
ReSync, Corrected by Alice
www.addic7ed.com